two
these two version 2 is the same as the
only version that is transparent
and little else and I 'll be showing you
a little bit of the box so they can see it
the box that exists is not that important
because it is who has no function
below what you may notice though
this part of the box has been changed
because on 32 occasions
dismiss
and here we show you three modes and that 's
what are the instructions
listening because he's not crying a lot
Here you can see what the
instructions like without doubt the modes
now it has a code but
and here is the code
we wanted to show also if
They want to see
all stress codes can all
enter go in and watch the video
this gift and tricks is very truthfully not
so difficult but it's a bit difficult to
get version 2 I really do not know
because I got it at 20 dollars in
amazon right now and still more 20 copies and
on ebay they can get it from 30 to 60
dollars varying the prices and
including the shipping is this for the case
I received it with free shipping because I did
amazon fine to truth I still do not know how
it is said that national but you can save
a look has been fine text indeed
it's all transparent to me I like that
is in a 1 of the product
I think that in truth everyone is equal only
that transparent plastic and color
I think
you can see that here
games for either the sound or its
you put the cartridge quoted him as telling
new voices you can see the side
from behind inside and when I know
you can see the light only
I also liked everything, everything is
transparent everything green is
transparent looks more realistic and ccoo
as if we were going to a movie and
we would be aggravating with this nice is
really fantastic when we go to
put him level 1 and this level or not
over all the verified voices and all
the voices are the same as in version 1
in truth there is not much difference if
you want to know if you want
buy recommends version 1 that
It costs 4 dollars less in amazon
well these were the sounds of the
aliens and now we're going to invoke
feedback
this is the sound with the plates in the
unne 3 with 2 co that are poorly indigenous
now we go to second mode
the second is the sound and when it does not touch
no voter this sound that I do not
like
good indeed in the way of healing not
I'm interested so much though you can
make your own music or tell my dream
and they go before the only thing that does mode 2
we tried mode 303 have to put a
cartridge these get from
introduction as I was reading the
the instructions there can show them
a code and we're going to put that code
There he is telling you to sell him
has a great potential that is
talking the creator of thin while
what is asthma and asthma I do not know if I am
pronouncing his name well and good here
you can see that this is 40 you can
see my hand is incredibly is what
better but if you want
We grabbed dolaritos I recommend them to
mono version
and well, here I am showing you both
they are inside there is fun 1 and this is
version 2 version 2 seems more realistic
and good if you want to see a video of these
comparatives can enter my channel and
I'm going to show you
do not forget to get on something like that
of a version comparison one
version 2
Well I hope you liked the
video do not forget to write yourself and
leave me a big like to do more
meetings to have more ben products
10 and aeromar and future products or
toys or other things that you
want and when great super drink and
until next time if you want to see more
my son's videos of 20 thousand are or of
march netflix or want to see it in case
used in three of the last of three or
of the last tricks have not come into
my channel that there I have a library of
full of writer and if not yet the
I have the I 'm going to consume and exceeded the
video and until next time